Update readme for Azure.Monitor.Query (#23934)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/monitor/Azure.Monitor.Query/README.md

## Key concepts

- `LogsQueryClient` - Client that provides methods to query logs from Azure Monitor Logs.

> Here is a heirarchy of the LogsQueryResult response:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a hierarchy of the `LogsQueryResult` response object:
```

```
LogsQueryResult

> |---Statistics

Reviewer 2: This is not a property

|---Visualization
|---Error
|---AllTables (list of `LogsTable` objects)
    |---Name

>     |---InternalRows

Reviewer 2: This is not public

    |---Columns (list of `LogsTableColumn` objects)
        |---Name
        |---Type
```

- `MetricsQueryClient` - Client that provides methods to query metrics from Azure Monitor Metrics.

> Here is a heirarchy of the MetricsQueryResult response:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a hierarchy of the `MetricsQueryResult` response object:
```

```
MetricsQueryResult
|---Cost
|---Interval
|---Namespace
|---ResourceRegion
|---Metrics (list of `MetricResult` objects)
    |---Id
    |---Type
    |---LocalizedName
    |---Name
    |---DisplayDescription

>     |---ErrorCode

Reviewer 2: We only need to list public properties here.

## Key concepts

> ### Logs query rate limits and throttling

Reviewer: Keep the "Logs query rate limits and throttling" and "Metrics data structure" sections here. They're present in the other languages' READMEs. For example: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/6a429425c0a498469a368270d77fa02f673adc9f/sdk/monitor/azure-monitor-query/README.md#L93-L106

> - `LogsQueryClient` - Client that provides methods to query logs from Azure Monitor Logs.
> Here's a heirarchy of the LogsQueryResult response:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - `MetricsQueryClient` - Client that provides methods to query metrics from Azure Monitor Metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

}
```

> #### Handle logs query response
> The `Query` method returns the `LogsQueryResult`, while the `QueryBatch` method returns the `LogsBatchQueryResult`.
> Here's a hierarchy of the response:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Handle logs query response

The `Query` method returns the `LogsQueryResult`, while the `QueryBatch` method returns the `LogsBatchQueryResult`. Here's a hierarchy of the response:
```

}
```

#### Handle metrics query response

> The metrics query API returns a `MetricsQueryResult` object. The `MetricsQueryResult` object contains 
> properties such as a list of `MetricResult`-typed objects, `Cost`, `Namespace`, `ResourceRegion`, `TimeSpan`, and `Interval`. The 
> `MetricResult` objects list can be accessed using the `metrics` param. Each `MetricResult` object in this list
> contains a list of `TimeSeries` objects. Each `TimeSeries` contains `Metadatavalues` and `Values`
> properties. 
> 
> Here's a hierarchy of the response:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The metrics query API returns a `MetricsQueryResult` object. The `MetricsQueryResult` object contains properties such as a list of `MetricResult`-typed objects, `Cost`, `Namespace`, `ResourceRegion`, `TimeSpan`, and `Interval`. The `MetricResult` objects list can be accessed using the `metrics` param. Each `MetricResult` object in this list contains a list of `MetricTimeSeriesElement` objects. Each `MetricTimeSeriesElement` object contains `Metadata` and `Values` properties.

Here's a hierarchy of the response:
```

```
MetricsQueryResult
|---Cost
|---Interval
|---Namespace
|---ResourceRegion
|---TimeSpan
|---Metrics (list of `MetricResult` objects)
    |---Id
    |---Type
    |---Name
    |---DisplayDescription
    |---Error
    |---Unit
    |---TimeSeries (list of `MetricTimeSeriesElement` objects)

>         |---Metadatavalues

Reviewer: `Metadatavalues` is private.

```suggestion
        |---Metadata
```

}
```

> #### Handle metrics query response
> The metrics query API returns a `MetricsQueryResult` object. The `MetricsQueryResult` object contains properties such as a list of `MetricResult`-typed objects, `Cost`, `Namespace`, `ResourceRegion`, `TimeSpan`, and `Interval`. The `MetricResult` objects list can be accessed using the `metrics` param. Each `MetricResult` object in this list contains a list of `TimeSeries` objects. Each `TimeSeries` contains `Metadatavalues` and `Values` properties. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Handle metrics query response

The metrics query API returns a `MetricsQueryResult` object. The `MetricsQueryResult` object contains properties such as a list of `MetricResult`-typed objects, `Cost`, `Namespace`, `ResourceRegion`, `TimeSpan`, and `Interval`. The `MetricResult` objects list can be accessed using the `metrics` param. Each `MetricResult` object in this list contains a list of `MetricTimeSeriesElement` objects. Each `MetricTimeSeriesElement` object contains `Metadata` and `Values` properties. 
```
